[CN-551] adding a note about creation order of map and wan resources (#102)
hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator-docs: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/wan-replication.adoc

|The list of custom `Map` or `Hazelcast` resources to which WAN replication applies.

- `name`: The name of custom resource to which WAN replication applies.

> - `kind`: The type of custom resource. Either `Map`(default) or `Hazelcast`. Use the `Hazelcast` kind to apply WAN replication to all custom maps created under the given `Hazelcast` resource. Wan Replication can be started for newly created Map resources as well. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `kind`: The type of custom resource. Either `Map`(default) or `Hazelcast`. Use the `Hazelcast` kind to apply WAN replication to all custom maps created under the given `Hazelcast` resource. Wan Replication will be started automatically for newly created Map resources as well. 
```
